[doc] Add a "What's New" page for ReFrame 4.0 (#2709)
reframe-hpc/reframe: docs/config_reference.rst

ReFrame's configuration is in JSON syntax.
The full schema describing it can be found in |schemas/config.json|_ file.
The final configuration for ReFrame is validated against this schema.

The syntax we use to describe the different configuration objects follows the convention: ``OBJECT[.OBJECT]*.PROPERTY``.

> Even if a configuration object contains a list of other object, this is not reflected in the above syntax, as all objects in a certain list are homogeneous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if a configuration object contains a list of other objects, this is not reflected in the above syntax, as all objects in a certain list are homogeneous.
```

For example, by ``systems.partitions.name`` we designate the ``name`` property of any partition object inside the ``partitions`` property of any system object inside the top level ``systems`` object.
If we were to use indices, that would be rewritten as ``systems[i].partitions[j].name`` where ``i`` indexes the systems and ``j`` indexes the partitions of the i-th system.
For cases, where the objects in a list are not homogeneous, e.g., the logging handlers, we surround the object type with ``..``.
For example, the ``logging.handlers..filelog..name`` syntax designates the ``name`` attribute of the ``filelog`` logging handler.

.. |schemas/config.json| replace:: ``reframe/schemas/config.json``
.. _schemas/config.json: https://github.com/reframe-hpc/reframe/blob/master/reframe/schemas/config.json

Top-level Configuration
-----------------------

The top-level configuration object is essentially the full configuration of ReFrame.

> It consists of the following properties, which also call conventionally *configuration sections*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It consists of the following properties, which we also call conventionally *configuration sections*:
```

      ]

>    A regression test that wants to make use of that resource, it can set its :attr:`~reframe.core.pipeline.RegressionTest.extra_resources` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A regression test which needs to make use of that resource, can set its :attr:`~reframe.core.pipeline.RegressionTest.extra_resources` as follows:
```

      The default level is now ``undefined``.

.. py:attribute:: logging.handlers

   :required: Yes

   A list of logging handlers responsible for handling normal framework output.

.. py:attribute:: logging.handlers_perflog

   :required: Yes

   A list of logging handlers responsible for handling performance data from tests.

.. py:attribute:: logging.perflog_compat

   :required: No
   :default: ``false``

   Emit a separate log record for each performance variable.
   Set this option to ``true`` if you want to keep compatibility with the performance logging prior to ReFrame 4.0.

.. py:attribute:: logging.target_systems

   :required: No
   :default: ``["*"]``

   A list of systems or system/partitions combinations that this logging configuration is valid for.

>    For a detailed description of this property, you may refer `here <#environments.target_systems>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For a detailed description of this property, you may refer to `here <#environments.target_systems>`__.
```

----------------------------

ReFrame allows you to define groups of command line options that are collectively called *execution modes*.
An execution mode can then be selected from the command line with the :option:`--mode` option.
The options of an execution mode will be passed to ReFrame as if they were specified in the command line.

.. py:attribute:: modes.name

   :required: Yes

   The name of this execution mode.
   This can be used with the :option:`--mode` command line option to invoke this mode.

.. py:attribute:: modes.options

   :required: No
   :default: ``[]``

   The command-line options associated with this execution mode.

.. py:attribute:: modes.target_systems

   :required: No
   :default: ``["*"]``

   A list of systems *only* that this execution mode is valid for.

>    For a detailed description of this property, you may refer `here <#environments.target_systems>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For a detailed description of this property, you may refer to `here <#environments.target_systems>`__.
```

   .. versionadded:: 3.6.0

.. py:attribute:: general.save_log_files

   :required: No
   :default: ``false``

   Save any log files generated by ReFrame to its output directory

.. py:attribute:: general.target_systems

   :required: No
   :default: ``["*"]``

   A list of systems or system/partitions combinations that these general options are valid for.

>    For a detailed description of this property, you may refer `here <#environments.target_systems>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For a detailed description of this property, you may refer to `here <#environments.target_systems>`__.
```
